Alerting: Add UI for contact point testing with custom annotations and labels (#40491)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/contact-points.md

1. Find the contact point to edit, then click **Edit** (pen icon).
1. Make any changes and click **Save contact point**.

## Test a contact point

> For Grafana managed contact points you can send a test notification which is helpful for verifying a contact point is configured correctly. To send a test notification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Grafana managed contact points, you can send a test notification which helps verify a contact point is configured correctly. 

To send a test notification:
```

> 1. In the Alerting page, click **Contact points** to open the page listing existing contact points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Grafana side bar, hover your cursor over the **Alerting** (bell) icon and then click **Contact** points.
```

> 1. Find the contact point to test, then click **Edit** (pen icon). Or create a new contact point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the contact point to test, then click **Edit** (pen icon). You can also create a new contact point if needed.
```

1. Click **Test** (paper airplane icon) to open the contact point testing modal.

> 1. Choose whether to send a predefined test notification, or choose custom to add your own custom annotations and labels to include in the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose whether to send a predefined test notification or choose custom to add your own custom annotations and labels to include in the notification.
```
